In this lecture, we will learn a few more
base to use the verify method to make
sure that the methods on the mockedout
object are getting called you have already
seen the verify in action wherein by default
if you go to this first test
method the place order tests we are
verifying that the create order for the
create method on the DAO is getting
called by default this verify checks
if this method is getting called once by
the verify method has overloaded
versions, control space as you can
see the second overloaded or the overloaded
version of verify will allow us to
passin a verification mode, this is an
interface and there are multiple methods
using which we can get an implementation
of this first way to get it is times we
can say there is a times method available on
the mockito object here mockito
class here it is a static method
available on the mockito class so we
can save times and the number of times
we want this method will be called by
default it is one anyway but i'm using
one again let's run this test run as junit
test everything is green now if i change
this to, to save time thing create method
should be called twice when we call the
place order method which is a wrong so
let's try running this unit test again
as you can see the test fails and it
says two little actual invocations so we
are expecting too many invocations but
there are two little actual invocations
that's the error message. The other
methods that are available are atleast
very similar to times at least make sure
that at least this method is called these
many times so we can pass in whatever
number we want 2 3 again this test
should fail because we are saying at
least twice bypass in one save it run it
this test will pass again the
verification mode allows us to verify in
that different way we can tell how many
times this method should be invoked by
default it is one there are other
verification modes that are available you can
refer to the mockito
documentation.